The Type Crit Crew is a free resource for type design students to meet 1–1 with experienced type designers for virtual critiques.Our goals are:If you’re a student, just take a look at the Type Crit Crew Spreadsheet, reach out to a type designer of your preference, and schedule a time for a 1–1 session with them via email or their online calendar. All of our critiques are private because we believe this allows for more conversational, detailed, and targeted feedback. Always remember to be nice, polite, and curious. Only school or personal self-initiated projects are allowed.🚨 Client work is strictly prohibited 🚨If you’re an experienced type designer, you can sign up to be added to the spreadsheet using the Type Crit Crew Instructors Sign Up Form. New Type Crit Crew members will be added/announced on Tuesday mornings through Instagram and TwitterAny experienced type designer who is willing to share their availability and experience with a type design student.If you work for a foundry or for yourself, if you’ve released dozens of fonts or just one, or if you’ve graduated from a type design program or are self-taught, your experience counts. The most important thing is that you‘re willing to share your time and hard-earned experience in the field with those who are just starting. Think of it as paying it forward.Instructors are in complete control of their availability and you’re welcome to change your availability at any time.Yes!!! Although tips/donations are welcome, they’re completely optional.Think of it as if you were buying a cup of coffee (or tea) to one of your favorite type designers in exchange for their feedback on your student project. It’s a symbolic thank you, more than anything else.Instructors can choose to skip the tip and instead point a student to a charity of their choice on the tip/donations column.That said, don’t tip or donate if it in any way causes you hardship.The best way to support is by being kind to your instructor(s), follow up with a nice thank you email, spread the word about this resource, and let us know if you have any feedback or comments.Absolutely! We all have gaps in our education and areas we want to get better at. As an instructor, you’re welcome to participate as a student and schedule time with other instructors.However, keep in mind that this is not a place for free professional consultations on paid or spec work. Design consultation is a job that many of our instructors engage in. In fact, many of them are available for freelance work, and you’re encouraged to reach out to them in a professional capacity to hire them for a project.Remember, this is fundamentally a learning resource meant to open doors for people and make type more accessible.Any report on abuse of our policy against client work will not be tolerated.This is meant to be a resource to facilitate the interaction between type design students and instructors. The intention is to create a safe space for students where they have the power to choose who they want to interact with and get feedback from.But also because it’s easy to update and easier than designing and maintaining a website.Screenshots and recordings of any session are at the sole discretion of the student and instructor. Don’t share anything that was shared in private on social media or otherwise unless first approved by both parties. Make sure to always ask for permission and respect each other’s privacy.We will not tolerate harassment of any kind. Instructors and students can both be removed and/or banned without notice.I’m just a person who is passionate about type, education, and helping students succeed. If you want to read more about me, you’re welcome to check out my Instagram or website.This is a labor of love and any comments, feedback, or suggestions for how to make things better are welcome. Feel free to reach me at jv.kafka@gmail.com and put Type Crit Crew in the subject line.For Type Crit Crew, student is more of a mindset than a strict definition. It includes anyone who is genuinely interested in honing their type design skills, regardless of an association with a specific institution. This includes people who have already graduated and who want to continue growing. Anyone can be a student as long as they’re willing to learn.It’s work you’re not getting paid to do and is self-initiated. It could be work for the sake of learning like student work, work in preparation for your first release, or an improvement of something already released.Only when the work is either paid client work or unpaid for a client pitch (spec work) then this exchange starts to become a freelance opportunity. If that’s the case, you’re encouraged to hire the instructor at their appropriate rates.Yes, but lettering and calligraphy in relation to typeface design.The main reason being that type design requires a deep study of letterforms involving the practical and theoretical aspects of lettering and calligraphy as they are inherent to the practice. While an experienced type designer might not be an expert letterer or calligrapher, they would be able to discuss lettering and calligraphy as applied to type design, since they’re both an essential part of their education.This will be a constantly evolving platform as we learn more about how people are using it and what they’re most interested in learning. There may be an opportunity to open this up to people practicing only lettering or calligraphy in the future. Or if anyone is interested in starting a similar platform only for lettering and calligraphy, I’d be happy to serve as a resource.Written by